Do you know that Lin Bang is already ill
Are you doing this now because you're afraid he'll die too soon?
No matter what disease you have
We will never let this house
Otherwise, I will send it to the TV station. You can't do it.
Then you will be accused of adultery for the rest of your life
It's our family business
It's not your turn to point fingers
Get out of here! That's enough
Tono
Why are you here?
If I don't come again, my uncle will be forced to die by you.
Not your uncle
If he wasn't my uncle
Then you are not my mother
What the hell are you talking about?
With you just for profit
But Qianqian's mother and grandma and grandpa, I won't let you
What's wrong with you kid?
Are you talking nonsense?
Ah Tongtong
Do you know what you're saying?
Of course I do.
Don't you just want me to be like this?
How dare you destroy your elders
This is what I usually teach you
Actions speak louder than words
I have been told what you did.
Can't be a good person
Otherwise, you can only be bullied
If you dare to talk nonsense in the future, believe it or not, I will kill you.
Come on, fight
You hit me today
When you are old, I will beat you every day
How did I beat you?
You are such an unfilial daughter
I told you, you taught me that.
Since you treat money as dung
Then I should be like you
No matter if others live or die
Just for yourself